Docs enhance (#276)
biosustain/cameo: docs/02-import-models.rst

Import models
=============

Import models from files
------------------------

> The function :class:`~cameo.io.load_model` accepts a number of

Reviewer: I guess this would better be [:py:func:](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/domains.html#cross-referencing-python-objects).

```suggestion
The function :py:func:`~cameo.io.load_model` accepts a number of
```

.. raw:: html

    
    <table>
        <tr>
            <td><strong>Name</strong></td>
            <td>e_coli_core</td>
        </tr><tr>
            <td><strong>Memory address</strong></td>
            <td>0x01102bfdd8</td>
        </tr><tr>
            <td><strong>Number of metabolites</strong></td>
            <td>72</td>
        </tr><tr>
            <td><strong>Number of reactions</strong></td>
            <td>95</td>
        </tr><tr>
            <td><strong>Objective expression</strong></td>
            <td>-1.0*Biomass_Ecoli_core_w_GAM_reverse_1a29b + 1.0*Biomass_Ecoli_core_w_GAM</td>
        </tr><tr>
            <td><strong>Compartments</strong></td>
            <td>extracellular space, cytosol</td>
        </tr>
      </table>

Import models from the internet
-------------------------------

In the quick start `chapter <1-quick-start.ipynb>`__ we demonstrated how

> to use :class:`~cameo.io.load_model` to import a model by ID. But

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to use :py:func:`~cameo.io.load_model` to import a model by ID. But
```

Models from `BiGG <http://bigg.ucsd.edu>`__ and the `University of
Minho <http://darwin.di.uminho.pt/models>`__ can conveniently be accessd

> via :class:`~cameo.models.bigg` and :class:`~cameo.models.minho`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
via :py:class:`~cameo.models.bigg` and :py:class:`~cameo.models.minho`
```
